[tense music playing]
- [gun firing]
- [both yelling]
That guy that shot at us tonight
killed my partner.
- [gun firing]
- [Alice grunting]
[Peter] I don't know if Catherine's
involved. if Night Action is compromised.
I cannot trust anyone.
Except me. right?
You said the CIA
would grant me and my family asylum
if I gave you intelligence.
This is worthless.
I can't do anything with this.
[Haleh in Farsi] I saw Javad noticing you.
- [in Farsi] I don't know him.
- So get to know him.
Warren Stocker.
He's the key to all of this.
Tell me anything you know
about where Warren might be going.
Maybe seeing where he's been
will tell us where he's going.
[Ethan] What are you doing with my dad?
I'm gonna fly back to California.
Good. Get the night bus out of Chinatown.
Bangkok. What intel were you selling?
It was called Foxglove.
It dealt with experimental...
[gun firing]
[cell phone ringing]
Hello?
[music fades]
[opening theme music playing]
[man] Is it chill to reject someone
for being too qualified for a job?
[Rose chuckling lightly]
[man] The fact that you're even here
is a little sus.
That's very kind. but I'm...
Serious though. Lead programmer pay
doesn't come close to CEO salary.
I'm not looking for more money.
[man] It's a lot less responsibility.
You've hired people for this position.
It's a grind.
Honestly. that sounds perfect right now.
I wasn't cut out to be a CEO.
You seem to take to it.
but I just wanna write code.
And I'm good.
Hire me and my skills are all yours.
no questions asked.
AdVerse is my baby. My code.
[Rose] I know.
When can I start?
[opening theme music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
All aboard for Boston South Station.
Anything bigger than a backpack's
gotta be stowed below.
Tickets out. please.
[Peter panting]
Hello?
[man] Peter Sutherland. Finally.
You're a hard man to track down.
Who is this?
[man] Immaterial.
I've called to cut a deal.
Open the door.
tell my men what Warren said to you
and who've you told about all this.
Why. so they can put a bullet in my head?
- [man] Something like that. yes.
- Why would I accept that shitty deal?
'Cause then Rose Larkin
would make it safely to Boston on her bus.
[tense music playing]
She... She doesn't know anything.
[man] Also immaterial.
Why are you doing this?
How am I a threat to you?
Work the problem. Peter.
[Peter] I don't even know who you are.
Work the problem.
Wait. you're. uh...
You're the man from the bus stop.
In Bangkok.
You're Warren's buyer.
You have the intel he stole.
And what?
I can ID you.
Nicely done.
I'd assume a smart man like you
would jump at the chance
to save sweet Rose's life.
- If you hurt her...
- [man] Then you'll kill me.
Yes. I... I understand.
Bangkok was unfortunate.
I don't wanna repeat the past.
but I will have Rose killed
in your place if I have to.
- You'll kill her no matter what I do.
- [man] No. I won't. I promise.
And I'm a man who keeps my promises.
Fuck you.
[gun clicking]
[suspenseful music playing]
[banging on door]
[banging on door continues]
[cell phone vibrating]
- [Peter] Rose?
- Peter?
- Where are you?
- [Rose] I'm in Chinatown.
On the bus?
I'm standing in line to board.
Hide. Right now.
- They're coming after you.
- Who is?
It's the man from last night.
The guy who shot at us.
- There's three of them.
- [Peter] Run!
[man] She got through. She got through.
- Go get her. Go get her.
- [man 2] Move! Move!
[gun firing]
[Peter panting]
[man grunting]
[Peter grunting]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hey. Rose. Are you there?
Uh. I got away. but they're following.
[Peter] What stores are nearby?
Um. tarot place. restaurant...
Go in the restaurant.
[banging on door]
[doorbell chiming]
Okay. I'm in. But one of them's behind me.
[Peter] Hide in the kitchen.
[all gasping]
Come on!
- Nowhere to hide.
- [Peter] Grab a knife. find an exit.
[Rose panting]
[indistinct chatter]
[music fades]
- [Rose] Peter. are you there?
- [Peter] Give me a second.
[tense music playing]
[both grunting]
- [Peter gasping]
- [gun firing]
- Rose. what's happening? You good?
- [Rose] Are you? What was that?
[Peter] I'm fine. Where are you?
Um. I'm outside. but they're close.
[Peter] Describe your surroundings.
Uh. there's shops.
uh. tourists. tacky T-shirts.
[Peter] Change up your look.
You go that way.
[Rose] I think I lost them.
[indistinct chatter]
Shit. Oh God!
He's here.
[tires screeching]
[suspenseful music playing]
[suspenseful music swelling]
[music fades]
[Rose panting]
[Rose grunting. yelping]
[Rose screaming]
- Yell for help!
- [Rose shrieking] Help! Help!
Be quiet!
[shushing]
Fight him. Rose!
[man shushing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Rose grunting. straining]
[man grunting]
[Rose grunting]
[man screaming]
[knife clattering]
I'm okay.
I... I got away. but he's following me.
[Rose yelling]
Rose? Rose!
[suspenseful music swelling]
[Catherine shushing]
[indistinct chatter]
[phone chiming]
Shit.
[suspenseful music playing]
[phone line ringing]
[phone chiming]
That Peter?
[music fades]
I have trained agents hunting him.
and you found him.
He contacted you.
- No.
- [Catherine] Then how?
- You need to take me to him.
- Why should I do that?
Enough bullshit.
I have an agent in the field
who is either misinformed
or off the deep end.
Peter doesn't have half the experience
I expect from my most junior agents.
so I am worried about him too.
Tell me how he is.
I think he's been alone too long.
Then let me help him.
[dramatic music playing]
He'll be at Brooklyn Bridge Park.
[siren wailing]
Thank you.
[car alarm chirping]
I'll have a Secret Service detail
take you back to California tomorrow.
I've had protection detail before.
It didn't turn out so hot.
- This time will be different.
- Peter won't go for it.
[Catherine] It's not his call.
He chose Night Action. not you.
Do not put your life at risk.
I'll go home. but let me tell him first.
[tense music playing]
- Hey.
- [Rose] Hey.
[Peter] Hey. you okay?
- Yeah. I'm fine.
- Okay.
Is this what it's come to
after nine months of trust?
Catherine saved me tonight.
Maybe hear her out.
How'd you find her?
Warren's kid went missing.
I sat on his ex-wife's place.
saw Rose bring him home.
followed her to Chinatown.
hoping to find you.
But instead. happened upon
this unpleasant fella. Who is he?
He's the one that killed Alice.
If it wasn't you who tipped them off.
how'd they ambush us?
- Who else knew about the CIA leak?
- I didn't have anything to do with this.
- Prove it.
- I can't prove a negative.
Bangkok was a shitshow.
And I don't have to explain anything.
You work for me.
I don't work for anyone I don't trust.
I've done that before.
I'm not doing it again.
Well. then you picked
the wrong profession.
And how am I expected to what. just ignore
that you and Warren Stocker went dark
after Alice's death?
I didn't have anything to do
with Alice's death.
And you can prove that?
Forget it.
I'm gonna figure this out myself.
- Come on.
- This isn't how Night Action works.
I'm pulling you out.
Maybe she can help. She helped me.
I saw Warren's buyer in Bangkok.
I didn't know it was him until tonight.
He has the leaked intel.
I'm the only one
who's seen the target. Catherine.
You need me.
I need more than that
after what happened in Bangkok.
- With Alice?
- [Catherine] Yes.
Since he won't tell you. I will.
Alice was his partner. his training agent.
and she was killed.
And Peter still has yet to tell me how.
We split up.
She went after him.
and I stuck with Warren.
When he dropped the flash drive.
there was this guy there.
He was watching us. and he didn't fit in.
Now. he called me tonight.
And I'd know more. but. uh...
he shot Warren.
What? When?
About an hour ago.
And then they sent their guys after Rose.
Did Warren give you anything
before he was shot?
No. no.
Now. you can pull me off this.
but he knows I can ID him.
And he knows that Rose is important to me.
Which means I need to find him
before he finds us.
Fine.
Let's negotiate
the length of your new leash.
The FBI is running this image.
Our initial search returned a number
of partial matches. no exact ID.
I'll send you a complete file by morning.
Confirm his name and tell me
who the buyer is that he works for.
Do your job.
or I swear to God. I'll send you
straight back to the White House basement.
I'll finish this.
Good choice.
Look after Rose until I can figure out
what to do with her.
Don't talk about me like I'm not here.
I'm fine.
[siren wailing in distance]
- What?
- I ran out of money.
This will buy you a few days.
My van's compromised.
[keys jangling]
Don't scratch it.
Come on.
[suspenseful music playing]
[knocking on door]
[music fades]
- Hey.
Please. uh. don't lose that sweatshirt.
I only have. like. three of them.
[Rose] Really needs a wash.
Sorry it took me so long.
I had to park Catherine's car.
like. a borough away.
just in case she tagged it.
but I got pizza on the walk back.
Thanks.
Yeah.
What's that?
This is. um...
This is Warren's confession before he. uh...
You lied to Catherine?
I can't trust Night Action. okay?
Till I know Catherine didn't sell us out.
[car horn honking in distance]
Peter. not everyone's Diane Farr.
The man who called you. did he sound
American. educated. a little smug?
Yeah. Why?
He called me in California.
asking if you were okay.
I think he used me to find you.
I'm sorry.
- I didn't mean for...
- I'm going back to California.
Catherine offered me protection.
and I'm gonna take it.
I have a job there. a life.
You and I already agreed
that I should leave.
Yeah. I know. but that was before
you were being hunted.
[suspenseful sting playing]
[Noor in Farsi] It tastes wonderful.
[in Farsi] Haleh says
there's too much rose.
[in Farsi] Any rose is too much rose.
Haleh's forgotten the taste of home.
[in English] Gone full American.
[in Farsi] Just leave me here
when you go back.
You take Noor. I'll stay with Javad.
[man] Yeah?
[in Farsi] He's not interested
in an old married lady like you.
If he liked you.
he would've walked you home.
Javad was just being kind.
Well. then kindly ask him out on a date
so the four of us can double!
[Noor inhaling]
[in Farsi] He already asked me to lunch.
I knew it.
[all chuckling]
I said no. It's too quick!
I go from work to work.
And we can't step out while Abbas is in.
Love finds a way.
[both chuckling]
Bijan is right.
Find the moment and I'll cover for you.
Well. I did look at Abbas's schedule.
It is unclear if he is out
for some meeting tomorrow.
[Haleh] Yes. from one to three.
What for?
Who knows. he scheduled it himself.
Ah. but he's asking for Javad
to escort him tomorrow.
So not the time for romance. azizam.
But don't miss your chance.
[Noor chuckling]
[tense music playing]
[sirens wailing]
[Rose sobbing loudly]
[Rose screaming]
Hey. Rose.
Hey. it's me. It's Peter.
You okay?
[Rose sobbing]
You're safe. You're okay. you're okay.
[Rose sniffling]
[train rattling]
[somber music playing]
[in Farsi] One sip and I'm up all night.
- Good morning. Javad.
- [in Farsi] Morning.
See you at the office.
[music fades]
[inaudible]
[fridge door opening]
[objects clattering]
[in Farsi] I spoke to my family
last night.
What news from Isfahan?
Come to lunch with me.
and I'll tell you all Mom had to report.
[contemplative music playing]
You changed your mind?
I would love to.
But I have business with Abbas
over the lunch hour.
Oh. that's disappointing.
But tomorrow?
I can't tomorrow.
With Abbas's party
and General Assembly prep...
Busy time.
[Javad] For us all.
But I could at least
accompany you home again.
You know.
I know the best
Persian restaurants in town.
Where are you taking Abbas?
We could meet up.
Not while I'm working.
I could work through lunch.
And we could eat later when you're back.
You would wait for me?
[Noor chuckling]
It's a date then.
[both chuckling]
[button clicking]
- [siren wailing]
- [fire truck honking]
[music fades]
Morning. [inhaling]
Good morning.
[train rattling]
Bad dream?
Nightmare.
Post-traumatic stress.
if Gretchen is to be believed.
Who's Gretchen?
My therapist.
I started seeing her
after everything we went through.
I'm glad you're talking
to somebody about it.
I didn't really talk about it.
Um. I didn't want to relive all of that.
No one could understand
what we went through.
Except you. [sighing]
Therapy has helped me manage
my nightmares. until last night.
I still dream about Alice dying.
What was she like?
She liked dirty jokes.
You know. she liked grilled cheese.
She was just. um...
She was normal.
Yeah. [chuckling]
Think you guys would've liked each other.
That guy that attacked you...
he's the one who murdered her.
And. um...
I...
I couldn't stop it.
You're gonna be all right. Rose. Okay?
You're gonna be fine. You're a fighter.
What if I run out of fight?
I want you to. um. take Catherine up
on her protection offer. okay?
You need to go home.
Anywhere's safer than here with me.
[somber music playing]
[Rose exhaling]
[doorbell chiming]
Hi.
[music fades]
Uh...
[man sighing]
I keep misplacing my keys.
My friend suggested a tag or something.
[man exhaling]
- [tag clattering]
- [finger tapping]
Can I ask.
what is the tracking range on this?
[man sighing]
[drawer sliding]
[man] Satellite connected.
good battery. comes with an app.
Great for keys. dogs.
even cheating boyfriends.
[indistinct chatter]
[car horns honking]
[tense music playing]
[button clicking]
[Abbas exhaling]
[Abbas in Farsi] Ah. well. well!
Home delivery. lucky me!
Good timing. I'm just leaving.
[in Farsi] Here. It's a bit brisk out.
Very thoughtful. Noor.
I'm sorry. Miss Taheri.
Please. call me Noor.
Thank you. Noor.
Wish my Shirin had turned out like you.
But unfortunately. my daughter's willful.
Never showed Baba the respect he is due.
[Noor] I was a holy terror at her age.
That photo is decades old.
Are you two still close?
Thank you for your help. Ms. Taheri.
Put the rest in the closet.
The study door will close behind you.
Of course.
[Peter] He's been using
different identities for years.
Warren called him Arthur.
But if he gave him that name.
it's definitely an alias.
You don't have to help me. Rose.
Well. I found you when no one else could.
And I'm the only one with access
to a proprietary search engine.
Besides. I would rather help you than sit
around all day just waiting to go home.
[keyboard clacking]
Okay. his real identity should exist
online before any of the fake ones.
So. what. we just look at older results?
I can narrow the search
to exclude all of these names.
Only return hits
from before any of them existed.
This marketing protocol could be
kind of dangerous in the wrong hands.
I mean. this isn't really AdVerse.
The base code is. but I added
all the location-tracking stuff.
- Artoun would never use it like this.
- You ever think about running the NSA?
[Rose chuckling]
[suspenseful music playing]
Head through the intersection
and slow down.
I think we're here.
[inaudible]
Up here is fine. Please.
[doorbell chiming]
[man chuckling] Terrible.
- Excuse me. Another one. please.
- Tomás. no. I must get back.
The foreign secretary can't find a loo
without me by his side.
That's not very diplomatic of you.
turn down a drink from an ally.
Shagging the same birds at Oxford
a lifetime ago doesn't make us allies.
I'd have thought "brothers" more accurate.
It wasn't that long ago.
- [bartender] There you go.
- Thanks.
[classical piano music playing]
Elliot. I'm sorry to ask again.
Then don't. My answer can't change.
But my nation needs a leader.
They have one.
A puppet regime.
Babysitting until
the UN Security Council votes
on how to carve up my family's dominion.
My father rots in The Hague
while he could be
bringing stability to the region.
Your foreign secretary must see that.
If you just ask him to meet with me.
I know he'd be open...
The secretary's role
is to protect British interests.
not appeal to the International Court
on behalf of a...
I'm sorry. dangerous war criminal.
The situation is much more complex.
The Americans...
Stop. I won't listen
to your baseless accusations again.
And I shan't risk my career
for your asshole father.
[indistinct chatter]
Take his money. buy a yacht.
screw Sloane up and down the Amalfi Coast.
It's time to be your own man. Tomás.
Elliot Cooke. you lush!
[both chuckling]
It's just gone noon
and you're plastered. Naughty.
Blame your boyfriend.
I keep protesting. he keeps buying.
Well. yes. he is generous that way.
I'm off. Lovely to see you. Sloane.
[Sloane] Oh. now.
Elliot's always been a coward.
Why don't you come upstairs. darling?
And I'll show off what I bought.
- [Tomás] Hmm.
- Come on.
I'll be right up.
[chuckling softly]
[unsettling music playing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[camera shutter clicking]
[door closing in distance]
[music fades]
[keyboard clacking]
[Peter] Here you go. [exhaling]
Thanks.
We only got one hit?
A newspaper scan from six years ago.
It's an obituary for a deceased Marine
named Solomon Vega.
Says he's survived by his sister. Celeste.
We do not have
a Solomon Vega on the list. so...
Shouldn't the FBI or the DOD have
some sort of record of a former Marine?
Not if someone higher up wiped his file.
Is there anything else on there?
Uh. that shouldn't happen. Sorry.
[keyboard clacking]
- Um...
- [cell phone vibrating]
Shit. Uh. just give me a sec.
Yeah.
Hey. Artoun. I meant to call.
[Artoun] What the hell did you do
to my code?
I can see you've been active.
but all your past queries were deleted.
And who's this dude you're searching for?
Did Adrien put you up to this?
The VC guy? No. of course not.
[Artoun] He said look for other uses.
and I catch you using AdVerse
to. what. stalk people?
Are you making a fucking investor play
behind my back?
No. no. no. Uh. it's just my mom.
She's off the grid again.
and I thought that I could use
AdVerse's raw data to search for her.
and then maybe I could...
I've revoked your access to AdVerse.
Get your ass back to California.
We'll talk about if you still have a job.
Understood.
Um. see you soon.
[somber music playing]
Hey.
Got an address for Solomon's sister.
You wanna take a ride?
Yeah.
[man speaking indistinctly]
[door opening in distance]
[camera shutter clicking]
[suspenseful music playing]
[doorbell chiming]
[door closing]
No. I don't really get it.
because. you know. all she does
is send me these videos of these cats.
Yeah. Yeah. exactly. [laughing]
[Noor gasping]
[indistinct chatter]
[inaudible]
[camera shutter clicking]
[car door opening]
[car door closing]
[car engine starting]
Is everything okay at work?
Yeah. it's fine.
You never answered me before.
about you not starting your own thing.
I remember you having
some really good ideas.
Yeah. well. with my track record.
investors weren't all that interested.
I did have one shot early on.
but I had a panic attack
and blew the meeting. so...
Shit. I'm sorry. Rose. That sucks.
It's okay. Everything worked out.
I'm just...
A cog in the machine?
Lead programmer. thank you.
For what it's worth.
I think your version of AdVerse is...
It's pretty cool.
And hopefully your boss sees that.
I just need to get back to the old me.
figure out what's next.
get my head straight.
You'll get there.
Well. thanks. coach.
[Peter chuckling]
[tense music playing]
Hi. Did you get the photos?
[man] Yeah. I got it.
Do you recognize him? Is he important?
Well. I've never seen the man.
and I didn't know what to make
of the other pictures.
The briefcase.
The man entered with it.
and Abbas left with it.
[man] Do you know what was exchanged?
No. I... I thought the photos would be...
They're meaningless. It's an unknown man.
It's a nondescript bag
with Lord knows what inside of it.
Is this like a joke to you?
No. no. no. no. no.
I... I need to get my family out of Iran.
You have to help us. please.
[man] You're not in a position
to bring us anything of substance.
So why don't you just throw the phone away
and forget we ever met
before you get yourself hurt?
What if I find out what Abbas has?
What is inside the briefcase?
I don't recommend that you do that.
[Noor] What if I found it.
and I took pictures.
and that information was valuable?
[man sighing]
If you got something
you'd like me to see. I will look.
but I'm not telling you to do anything.
In fact. I strongly suggest
that you don't.
- Good luck.
- Oh. thanks.
[line chiming]
[car horn honking]
[music fades]
[door opening]
[indistinct chatter]
[in Farsi] Haleh. hold my calls for now.
[in Farsi] Let me do that.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Javad in Farsi] Still hungry?
[Noor breathing deeply]
- Hello.
Yes. very.
You head out. I'll follow.
Sure.
[knocking on door]
[dog barking]
[doorbell ringing]
[dog whining]
- Uh. Wrigley.
- [Rose] Hey.
Here.
Don't worry. she's friendly.
I'm sorry to bother you. ma'am.
I'm Paul. this is Ruby.
We were just hoping to talk
to Staff Sergeant Vega.
My brother is dead.
Oh. um...
I'm so sorry. We wouldn't have
come here had we known...
It's just my dad was a Marine.
He was Staff Sergeant Vega's CO
for a time.
My dad passed a couple of months back.
and I've been traveling trying to connect
with the men that he led.
Dad always said the Marines were a family.
and I'm missing mine.
- [device beeping]
- [Wrigley whining]
Fine. Come on in. then.
Is this soap?
All natural. organic. homemade.
I have an online shop.
There's a card on the table
if you're interested. Keeps me busy.
Handsome. yeah?
Yeah.
Did he ever mention my dad.
Sergeant Major Don Casey?
Don't recall.
Are you sure my brother served under him?
I'm not a hundred percent.
but the timing's right.
My dad did four tours in Afghanistan.
starting in 2002.
Solomon did five.
Did he. um. die in the line of duty?
Suicide.
I am so sorry.
When my dad retired.
he really struggled without the structure.
My brother was a hero.
All those who choose to serve are.
I mean. to me. Outside of all that.
[Peter] How exactly?
Was changing a flat. hit-and-run driver
left me on the side of the road.
Lost my legs.
And your brother was there for you?
Solomon dropped his papers to care for me.
Struggled without the orders.
like you said. Lost his way.
Baby brother's still looking out for me.
I mean. I wouldn't have my chair
or Wrigley or this house
without the VA benefits he left.
It's nice to hear you were both so close.
I miss him every day.
I know.
You mind if I grab a business card?
[tense music playing]
It's a little extra to fake your own death
just to take a job with this buyer guy.
Solomon probably figures
Celeste is better off without him.
She certainly doesn't think so.
See what's in there.
You stole Celeste's mail?
What. the queen of shoplifting
is judging me?
I'm not judging. admiring.
I saw the bank statement.
There's no way that the sister of a Marine
is getting enough from the VA
and an online organic soap business
to live that way.
Just casually committing mail fraud.
It's technically not mail fraud
until it's open.
so you're committing mail fraud.
Okay. she gets a stipend from the VA.
some small deposits from soap sales.
and a very large recurring payment
from a place called KinCare Trust.
So Solomon arranges for Celeste
to be taken care of financially.
KinCare Trust could lead us to his boss.
Catherine will be pleased.
Text her. Tell her "Solomon Vega."
Also. you were. um.
pretty specific back there.
Did you date a Marine or something?
[chuckling] No. my mom did.
Sergeant Major Don Casey?
Yeah. He used to tell
these amazing stories.
He always had candy
in his glove compartment for me.
- I loved him.
- What happened to him?
My mom cheated. of course.
Broke our hearts. I never saw him again.
That's my mom.
[cell phone chiming]
Oh. Catherine asked me
to convince you to meet up with her.
[Catherine] Good work.
Let's get together right away.
- [Rose] Uh. where?
- [car door closing]
[Catherine] Brooklyn Bridge Park
ferry landing.
Uh. it will take us like an hour or so.
[Catherine] Fine.
Agents Yared and Shulenberger
from the Secret Service
will collect you at the park
and take you to California.
Chelsea Arrington isn't available?
She's on the campaign trail
with one of the presidential candidates.
What if I wanted to stay?
I know you and Peter
both think I'm better off leaving.
but I've felt safer in the past 12 hours
than I have in the last nine months.
Peter only met up with you last night
because of me.
And Alice's death?
He's still holding on to it.
And it's clearly affecting you too.
Share that with him.
Give a little of yourself
so he doesn't feel so alone.
I'm a case officer. not a shrink.
You may have read some long. dull report
of what Peter and I went through.
but you have no idea
how terrifying that was.
I'm getting help.
He was just put on a plane.
isolated and traumatized.
[in Farsi] So just you. Mom. and brother?
[in Farsi] Yes.
Baba passed a few years back.
I'm sorry.
What got him?
- [car horns honking]
- [siren wailing in distance]
This a date or an interrogation?
Is there a difference?
[both chuckling]
No. sorry. A joke.
[Javad breathing deeply. exhaling]
My mom insists so much.
I don't try anymore.
but I'm really bad at dating.
[Noor] Hmm.
Is there pressure?
For grandkids. above all else.
Mine's too busy raising my brother.
But Farhad's freshly 18. so...
About to be a grown man. a soldier.
Give your mom a month at most with
an empty nest and the brooding will begin.
[Noor chuckling]
I think.
finally.
I convinced mine I work so much
I don't have any time for marriage.
Then I'm amazed you asked me out.
You asked me!
- I asked you?
- Yes. you asked me!
[both chuckling]
You realize your mistake now?
Hardly my worst.
Ah. I hoped they'd be here today.
How did you know...
Their zoolbia's no Maison Chai.
But it's the best I've had in New York.
You really know this city.
I've grown to like it here.
But I can't wait to be back in Isfahan.
Where'd you go earlier today?
Anywhere near Washington Heights?
Oh. all over town.
Dry cleaning pickup.
document drop-offs.
office-supply run.
You know. all the stuff
no one really notices.
[tense music playing]
Thank you for your hard work.
It doesn't go unnoticed.
Thank you.
Come on then. What are you waiting for?
Buy me a treat.
[both chuckling]
[music fades]
[ship horn blaring in distance]
[indistinct chatter]
Celeste Vega is listed in the VA database
as Solomon Vega's
life-insurance beneficiary.
But that's the only mention
of Solomon I could find.
His birth. death. military file.
all wiped from our system.
Someone worked really hard
to make that man disappear.
Rose and I met with his sister.
She's taking payments
from a company called KinCare Trust.
Come in every month.
Follow the money...
Find the employer. I get the idea.
I'll look into it.
- But you need to...
- No.
No. first tell me
what happened in Bangkok.
If we're gonna work together. Catherine.
I need to be able to trust you.
[tense music playing]
After Alice's death. I flew to Bangkok.
reviewed every file.
spoke to every witness.
Night Action is airtight.
Maybe you or Alice made a mistake.
- Could Alice have been overheard?
- No. no. She was too good for that.
But it's not impossible.
Let's set trust aside. Overused word.
Let's focus on Alice.
I know her death shook you.
I felt it too. and I was two oceans away.
But there is no conspiracy
to unravel in Bangkok.
Just went bad.
So we can waste our time wondering why.
or we could work together
to find the men who killed Alice
and retrieve the intel
they got their hands on.
But we can't do both.
[dramatic music playing]
The intel Warren sold in Bangkok was info
on an experimental weapons program.
It was joint CIA-Military Ops.
It was called Foxglove.
Does that name mean anything to you?
Not yet. But it will.
Play her the tape.
There's a tape?
[suspenseful music playing]
Yeah. Of Warren.
And you're only telling me now?
[recorder beeping]
[Peter] Bangkok.
What intel were you selling?
[Warren] There was a covert
military program
initiated at the behest of the CIA.
The file I sold was from
the early stages of development.
It was theoretical shit. Nothing serious.
And the whole program
was shuttered years ago.
[Peter] What program?
[Warren] It was called Foxglove.
It dealt with experimental weapons
that were mostly chemical...
[gun firing]
[man] Northbound. you got your ears on?
[clearing throat]
10-2. you're blowing smoke.
[both laughing]
- You sound legit. man.
- Oh. it's CB lingo.
Christina's dad took me on this. um.
long-haul hazing job over Christmas.
Called it "bonding."
[man 2] You see this?
[truck tires screeching]
[suspenseful music playing]
- [man 3] Out!
- [man 4] Out of the truck. now!
- On your knees!
- [man 3] Hurry up!
Stay down!
[zip ties zipping]
It's okay. it's okay.
[truck cargo door clanging]
[indistinct chatter]
[both grunting]
[man 3] Stay down!
[cargo door clanging]
- [man 3] Stay on the floor!
- [man 5] Find the tracker?
[man 4] Markus. what do we do with them?
[Markus seething]
[Markus] You were told to tie them up
and leave them.
You were told no names. Elek.
This is on you.
[man] No. No!
[gun firing]
[Markus inhaling. exhaling]
[Markus] Dump them behind the trees.
[man 3] Hurry up.
[Catherine] Mosley is speaking to the CIA.
Does he know about Warren?
About Alice and our investigation?
Only what he needed to
until things escalated in Bangkok.
Rose wants to stay under your protection.
Nothing for me in California
that can't wait for this to end.
She's not here in any official role.
But the tech Rose used
to ID Solomon. find you...
may prove useful.
- [cell phone vibrating]
- [Catherine] It's your call though.
Yeah.
- [Rose] You shouldn't be on your own.
- I'm used to it.
I don't wanna be alone right now.
[dramatic music playing]
[Catherine] Understood.
So. what's it gonna be?
I got her.
That was Mosley and CIA Director Gedney.
Our search for Solomon Vega flagged images
taken earlier today by a new CIA asset.
[Peter] Who is he?
Abbas Mansuri. Iranian ambassador
to the United Nations.
The next two images.
the first with. then without a briefcase.
you'll recognize.
[Peter] Solomon Vega.
- So they exchanged something.
- Looks like it.
Who took the picture?
Noor Taheri.
She's a junior aide
to the Iranian mission at the UN
looking for asylum
for her and her family in the U.S.
So Solomon might have
given her boss the Foxglove intel.
- How do we learn what's in the briefcase?
- Peter can ask Noor tomorrow.
We're taking over her case.
[suspenseful music playing]
[in Farsi] Today was my best day
in New York.
[in Farsi] It was very memorable.
Thank you for lunch
and for walking me home.
Of course.
Until tomorrow. Noor.
And you really must come view
the gallery with me. darling.
Because there's one painting.
ooh. in particular.
that'd look absolutely smashing
in our kitchen.
- Another painting?
- Yeah.
And I really want it.
[cell phone chiming]
Uh. it's Markus. Just be a moment.
[door opening]
[tense music playing]
[Markus] We took the whole thing.
Not the plan. I know. but trust me.
cousin. it's better this way.
Meet you tomorrow.
[suspenseful music swelling]
[sniffling]
[music fades]
[ending theme music playing]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-